DESCRIPTION
       Echo the STRING(s) to standard output.

       -n     do not output the trailing newline

       -e     enable interpretation of backslash escapes

       -E     disable interpretation of backslash escapes (default)

       --help display this help and exit

       --version
              output version information and 


DESCRIPTION
       ping uses the ICMP protocol's mandatory ECHO_REQUEST datagram to elicit
       an ICMP ECHO_RESPONSE from a host or gateway. ECHO_REQUEST datagrams
       (“pings”) have an IP and ICMP header, followed by a struct timeval and
       then an arbitrary number of “pad” bytes used to fill out the packet.

       ping works with both IPv4 and IPv6. Using only one of them explicitly
       can be enforced by specifying -4 or -6.

       ping can also send IPv6 Node Information Queries (RFC4620).
       Intermediate hops may not be allowed, because IPv6 source routing was
       deprecated (RFC5095).



clear  clears your screen if this is possible, including its scrollback
       buffer (if the extended “E3” capability is defined).   clear  looks  in
       the environment for the terminal type given by the environment variable
       TERM, and then in the terminfo database to determine how to  clear  the
       screen.

       clear  writes  to  the  standard output.  You can redirect the standard
       output to a file (which  prevents  clear  from  actually  clearing  the
       screen),  and  later  cat  the  file to the screen, clearing it at that
       point.


 The  exit()  function  causes  normal process termination and the least
       significant byte of status (i.e., status & 0xFF)  is  returned  to  the
       parent (see wait(2)).

       All  functions  registered with atexit(3) and on_exit(3) are called, in
       the reverse order of their registration.  (It is possible  for  one  of
       these  functions  to  use  atexit(3) or on_exit(3) to register an addi‐
       tional function to be executed during exit processing; the  new  regis‐
       tration  is  added to the front of the list of functions that remain to
       be called.)  If one of these functions does not return (e.g., it  calls
       _exit(2),  or  kills  itself with a signal), then none of the remaining
       functions is called, and further exit processing (in particular, flush‐
       ing  of  stdio(3) streams) is abandoned.  If a function has been regis‐
       tered multiple times using atexit(3) or on_exit(3), then it  is  called
       as many times as it was registered.

       All  open  stdio(3)  streams  are flushed and closed.  Files created by
       tmpfile(3) are removed.

       The C standard specifies two constants, EXIT_SUCCESS and  EXIT_FAILURE,
       that  may  be  passed  to exit() to indicate successful or unsuccessful
       termination, respectively.





Many programs read input from the user a line at a time.  The GNU  His‐
       tory  library is able to keep track of those lines, associate arbitrary
       data with each line, and utilize information  from  previous  lines  in
       composing new ones.



Ifconfig  is  used to configure the kernel-resident network interfaces.
       It is used at boot time to set up interfaces as necessary.  After that,
       it  is  usually  only  needed  when  debugging or when system tuning is
       needed.

       If no arguments are given, ifconfig displays the  status  of  the  cur‐
       rently  active interfaces.  If a single interface argument is given, it
       displays the status of the given interface only; if a single  -a  argu‐
       ment  is  given,  it  displays the status of all interfaces, even those
       that are down.  Otherwise, it configures an interface.





Print the full filename of the current working directory.

       -L, --logical
              use PWD from environment, even if it contains symlinks

       -P, --physical
              avoid all symlinks

       --help display this help and exit

       --version
              output version information and exit

       If no option is specified, -P is assumed.

       NOTE:  your shell may have its own version of pwd, which usually super‐
       sedes the version described here.  Please refer to your  shell's  docu‐
       mentation for details about the options it supports.


